---
layout: post
title:  "I wrote my Bachelor thesis"
date:   2023-04-01
desc: "Bachelor Thesis"
keywords: "Jalpc,Jekyll,gh-pages,website,blog,easy"
categories: [HTML]
tags: [Book,quote]
icon: icon-html
---

> I have been fascinated by this topic since the beginning of my studies, I wanted to take a more theoretical look at this area. Thankfully, I found the Chair of Energy Efficient Systems at the University of Bamberg, where basic research on data-based craftwork in Data Science is conducted. Hopefully, this will help us to better understand the actions and thus improvement potentials of Data Scientists in the future.

> **Abstract**
Due to exponentially increasing amounts of data and the spread of modern technologies
in organisations, innovations are increasingly data-based. The cornerstone of this type
of innovation is always data analysis. Thus, the need for people working as data
scientists, who evaluate the rapidly growing amounts of data and contribute to securing
competitiveness and increasing company growth through their innovative strength, is
also increasing.
For this reason, the occupational groups with data-intensive activities are moving more
into the focus of business and science. The modes of action of the still young
occupational group of data scientists have not yet been fully researched, as they differ
from those of other technical occupational fields. Through basic research, core activities
of data scientists have emerged, which are defined in the model of the data-based craft,
following the conventional craft.
The purpose of this work is to ensure the quantitative measurability of craft practices so
that the aforementioned model can be further explored. It shows which scientific
methods can be used to create a measurement instrument and validate it with the help
of a pre-test conducted in a real context. Due to the tested reliability, the developed
measurement instrument forms a reliable basis for an empirical study. From the results
of this, data-driven companies can better understand the humanistic approach in Data
Science and incorporate their findings into organisational strategy and decision-making.

> If you´re interested to learn more about the topic, you can find my thesis in the link below.
> <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PlmX2jgv2yGHB6vFct_I11_sLVEbKYU_/view?usp=sharing">Craftwork in Data Science: Development and
Test of a Survey Instrument for Quantiative Measurability/a>
